README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Utkarsh 👋🏾 👨🏽‍💻

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/utkarshsingx?label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=utkarshsingx)
[![Linkedin: Tanya](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Utkarsh-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https:https://www.linkedin.com/in/utkarsh-singh-0b9090227/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/utkarsh-singh-0b9090227/)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/utkarshsingx?label=Follow&style=social)
<img alt = "profile views" src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=utkarshsingx&color=brightgreen"> 

![Utkarsh Singh-3](https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/assets/92610758/c9aca1d9-7fa1-4290-93c3-f4d12267a83a)

## 👨🏻‍💻 &nbsp;About Me

<img alt="Night Coding" src="https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/assets/92610758/e7ed4589-4135-47b2-9129-664da4bacb30" align="right" width="250" height="200" />

🎓 &nbsp;I'm currently studying Computer Science Engineering at Galgotias College of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida.\
💡 &nbsp;Some technologies I enjoy working with include Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Indesign and XD. Currently exploring UI/UX.\
🌱 &nbsp;I'm on track for learning more about ReactJS, JavaScript, NodeJS and ExpressJS, Competitive Programming, and Algorithms.\
✉️ &nbsp;You can shoot me an email at hauntedutkarsh@gmail.com! I'll try to respond as soon as I can.

## Watch my contributions get eaten by a snake 🐍

![snake gif](https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.gif)
![Snake animation](https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)

Commit message:

added streak feature README.md

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Utkarsh 👋🏾 👨🏽‍💻

[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/utkarshsingx?label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=utkarshsingx)
[![Linkedin: Utkarsh](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Utkarsh-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https:https://www.linkedin.com/in/utkarsh-singh-0b9090227/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/utkarsh-singh-0b9090227/)
![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/utkarshsingx?label=Follow&style=social)
<img alt = "profile views" src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=utkarshsingx&color=brightgreen"> 

![Utkarsh Singh-3](https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/assets/92610758/c9aca1d9-7fa1-4290-93c3-f4d12267a83a)

## 👨🏻‍💻 &nbsp;About Me

<img alt="Night Coding" src="https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/assets/92610758/e7ed4589-4135-47b2-9129-664da4bacb30" align="right" width="250" height="200" />

🎓 &nbsp;I'm currently studying Computer Science Engineering at Galgotias College of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida.\
💡 &nbsp;Some technologies I enjoy working with include Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Indesign and XD. Currently exploring UI/UX.\
🌱 &nbsp;I'm on track for learning more about ReactJS, JavaScript, NodeJS and ExpressJS, Competitive Programming, and Algorithms.\
✉️ &nbsp;You can shoot me an email at [Utkarsh](mailto:hauntedutkarsh@gmail.com). I'll try to respond as soon as I can!


[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=utkarshsingx&theme=shadow-brown&hide_border=true&date_format=M%20j%5B%2C%20Y%5D&card_width=500&fire=832AEB)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

  
## Watch my contributions get eaten by a snake 🐍

![Snake animation](https://github.com/utkarshsingx/utkarshsingx/blob/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)
